- Tonight on
the "Below Deck Med"
Season six reunion...
- Rose all day?
- You saw everyone naked?
- I saw Katie naked,
Mzi naked, David naked.
- It was a sh--show, basically.
- Malia, you are with hot Jake
the engineer, right?
[cheering]
What happens in [indistinct]
stays in [indistinct]
- I want whatever
you're having right now.
See who stands up
for themselves,
and who stands
the F down.
Did you realize you were
losing Captain Sandy's trust?
- I wasn't about to throw him
under the bus.
- You're Achilles heel
is your own self.
- Lexi, her behavior in general
was quite sh----.
- Production
actually stepped up,
because it was getting
so out of hand.
- Do you regret
your decision, Katie?
- I was so f---ing
over this sh--
- Quite frankly,
I didn't wanna be a stew.
- When I watched the show,
I was just like, oh, my god.
- Sandy's one of the worst
captains I've ever worked with
in my 15 years on boats.
- You-you just don't know
when to not talk.
- "Below Deck Med Reunion"
starts now.
Hey, everybody, welcome to
the "Below Deck Mediterranean"
season six reunion.
I'm your host,
Andy Cohen,
thrilled to be joined
by a crew of yachties
in a remote
interview setting,
even though they technically
do their best work
when they're
in a hot tub.
Hey, Captain Sandy.
- Hi, Andy,
thanks for having me.
- Sandy, where are you?
- In the Med.
- And we've got
Chief Stew Katie Flood.
Hi, Katie.
- What's up, Andy?
Katie, where are you?
- I'm in Seattle.
- Wow, okay. And if it isn't
our intrepid bosun,
Malia White.
Hi, Malia.
- Hi, Andy.
- Good to see you.
- Hey, Chef Mathew Shea.
- Ahoy, ahoy, Andy.
- Mat, you know you need
to keep your clothes on
at this party, right?
- Yep, just today, yep.
Just for you.
- All right,
let's say hi
to our dickhands.
Hi, David Pascoe.
- Hi.
- Is your bruise totally healed?
- Yeah, bruise is totally gone.
- Very good.
Hey, Lloyd Spencer.
- Hey, how's it going, Andy?
- Great.
It looks like you
survived the crossing,
but your mustache
did not.
- No, but I do have one
in spare here.
- Ahh. Let's say hi
to Zee Dempers. Hey, Zee.
- Hi, Andy, how you doing?
- Good.
I love your new hair.
- Thank you, thank you, stop it.
- And finally,
if I play my cards right,
she just might call me
daddy tonight.
It's second stew
Courtney Veale.
- Hey, zaddy!
[laughter]
- All right. We invited
Lexi to join us tonight,
but unfortunately,
she very firmly
declined our invitation.
A little bit later we will be
joined by Delaney.
It'll be interesting
to hear what she has to say.
We'll get into that
and a whole lot more
in a little bit.
You might've spent
this season
'shipping David and Malia
or Courtney and Zee,
but those matches went together
about as well
as David's leg
and the hot tub.
Let's take a look
at some boatmances
aboard Lady Michelle.
[laughter]
- I think Malia looks
beautiful, hey?
It's definitely
a new dynamic
being attracted to someone
who's my boss.
- Yes, Zaddy!
- Oh, it's
falling off now.
- Oh, my god.
- I just wanna be single
and, like, yeah.
- Savage!
Um, (BLEEP) my life.
Do you like me?
- I feel like
we're just, like,
we've got a good
friendship thing going.
- Oh!
[indistinct shouting]
- Hmm.
- Thank you.
Are these from you?
- These are from everyone.
- Oh!
Obviously it's so nice of him,
but it's just awkward.
[laughter]
Oh, god.
- Malia, Hillary T.
wants to know
"the moment for you
when you first realized
"David might have
feelings for you,
and did you ever
find it annoying?"
- No, I never
found it annoying.
Um, and I think it was probably
our first drunken night.
[laughter]
- Um--
- Or maybe our second.
- I'm just curious
on a scale of 1-10
how awkward was it watching
David confess to Malia
that he had feelings for her?
[wretching]
- I didn't even know
this happened!
[laughter]
- Love you, David,
but that was hard to watch.
- Tell me about it.
- Um, David, Arian B.
wants to know,
"if you were just lonely,
"or did you actually
get over
"your feelings for Malia
that quickly
when you wanted
to hook up with Delaney."
[laughter]
- I wanted to hook up
with Delaney.
I'm definitely
taking a shot.
- Oh, my!
- I think there's something
really lost in that.
What David wanted more
at that moment in time
was a guest bed,
not so much...
- Oh, wow.
- I dunno, David!
- Oh, my god,
that's savage.
That is savage.
The bed over the lady,
oh, my god.
- Delaney's got
an amazing bod, you know?
- Delaney has a banging body.
I mean, I--
- Yeah,
a bit too late today.
- Erica R.
Facebooked David
and wants to know
"if anyone's ever told you
that you look like one of
the Gibb brothers."
The Bee-Gees?
[laughter]
What do you think,
David?
- It's the teeth though,
isn't it? That's all it is.
- Wow, okay.
Um, Courtney and Zee,
how would you rate each other's
lap dancing skills?
- Yes, daddy!
[cheering]
[laughter]
- Zee had great
lap dancing skills.
Um, I love it--
on me and the guests.
- Zee?
[overlapping chatter]
- I feel like it was
more intense on the guests,
with that face they had.
[cheering]
- No, Courtney was, uh--
Courtney was 10 out of 10.
- Wow, Courtney,
Pamela K. said,
"you said you see Zee
as just a friend,
"however there seemed to be
an attraction there,
or do you just make out with
your guy friends all the time?"
- Um...
[laughter]
No, I don't make out with
my guy friends all the time.
Zee was a special one.
No, I think it was more just
the fact that, like,
we had such a great, like,
friendship connection,
like, obviously
when we were sober.
And then when we did get drunk,
we were always, like,
the ones dancing
and, like,
we always had this, like,
weird, like, vibe,
connection when we were,
like, yeah, drunk.
- So I'm curious,
what is everyone's
relationship status now?
Courtney, you are...
- Single.
- Zee?
- I'm single.
- Zee's single. Lloyd?
- In a relationship.
- Ah.
- Ooh!
- Spicy!
- With a fellow, uh,
crewmember?
- Uh, as of tomorrow
at 10 PM
when their flight
comes in, yep.
- Lloyd, it was--
it was really touching
watching you open up
about who you are
and your sexuality
with the rest of the crew.
I would assume that not only had
to be hard to do personally,
but knowing that would air
on television,
um, had to also be, you know,
challenging emotionally.
- Uh, definitely. At the time
I wasn't thinking about
it coming out on TV.
Uh, I'd had a few drinks,
so I was really caught up
in the moment.
But I've had incredible support
on social media.
Um, there's been
the odd idiot,
but other than that
I've had hundreds
or more like
probably thousands
of really, really kind
messages from people
all over the world.
And, yeah, I'm back
in the industry.
I'm working on a boat,
as you can see.
And, yeah, everything
has been incredible.
I've been very, very fortunate
with the boat
and the crew that
I've got at the moment.
- That's great. David?
- Single.
- Mat, I know you're single.
- Yeah, thank you.
[laughter]
- And Katie is...
- Um, mine is complicated.
- Yours is complicated.
And, Malia, you are with
hot Jake the engineer, right?
[cheering]
- Below Jake.
[overlapping chatter]
And when did things start
with Below Jake?
- Um, not till after
we finished filming.
- So was part of the reason
that you were cool
on young David here
because you saw Below Jake
fishing around below deck,
and you thought, well, this is
the actual money on the boat?
- No, actually,
Jake's super introverted,
so I really didn't talk to him
till the end of the season.
So at that time
Jake wasn't even--
he was very
behind the scenes.
- Yeah, she didn't
even notice him.
- Jake is
our second engineer.
[laughter]
- Sandy, what was your reaction
when you found out
Malia and Jake
were a thing?
- That's Malia's business
and Jake's.
Like, it's none of my business.
I mean, she's an adult--
- Surprised
I'm not a lesbian.
- That's funny.
- Yeah, that's
a Cameo thing only.
- Oh.
[laughter]
Well, what about that?
I mean, that was--
that was kind of
a wild little thing.
I mean, it happened
off camera,
but there was a moment
where, Sandy,
you kind of were speculating
about Malia on a Cameo,
and it blew up online.
That happened right before
you guys, I think,
were getting on boat.
That had to be unusual,
awkward, odd.
You two, I'm assuming
had to work it out
before you started.
- Yeah.
Like, obviously, Malia's--
- We did.
- Shared things, yeah,
but that was edited,
taken out of context,
and as you know,
people can really spin things.
So Malia and I are fine.
- Malia, when you
came on the boat
and that was all blowing up,
was that odd, awkward?
- No, it really wasn't.
I mean, I don't really care
if people think I'm a lesbian
or if I'm straight.
I'll have fun either way.
- Very good.
- It's a good Cameo.
- All right,
we're gonna be back
with the crew from Lady Michelle
after this.
- Perfect, I'm gonna
open my wine.
- What kind?
- Rose all day.
- Up next...
- When I watched the show,
I'm just--
I was actually
mortified.
- ...judging me.
I work year round.
- Well, she's judging you
on what you said
and how you behaved.
- She's a big phony, Andy.
- Welcome back
to the "Below Deck Med"
season six reunion.
I'm Andy Cohen here with
the crew from Lady Michelle:
Captain Sandy, Katie,
Malia, Chef Mat,
David, Lloyd, Zee,
and Courtney.
As a luxury yacht chef,
Mathew's very good
at stirring
and simmering,
but it didn't take the crew
long to realize
he's also an expert
at spiraling.
- I hurt my knee last night.
- Okay.
- I don't feel like
I can do this properly.
- Say that again?
- I don't feel like
I can do this properly.
- We're gonna get your MRI.
- There will be...
- No chef?
- no chef?
- Sorry.
- I'm pretty sure
the blade's meant to go--
- How do you kindly
kill a lobster?
- What is that?
- I don't know.
Poisonous, probably.
- I think we should try
to cook one of those.
This is not okay.
- What's happening
in the galley right now
is a disaster.
- That was terrible steak.
Not good.
Grilled oysters-- not okay.
- All crew, all crew.
Our chef is returning.
- How are you? How is
your knee? What happened?
- It wasn't
anything serious.
I have this deep
anxiety inside of me
before that first meal
for a new guest,
and instead of just getting over
that and doing it, I bailed.
I couldn't perform well
at my first sex party.
- Nobody can.
- I went in, and I was like,
yeah, I'm ready.
- Mat, shut the (BLEEP) up!
- Don't say that!
- Give me crap
about bein' myself?
It's like, (BLEEP) you.
I'm goin' home.
- Mat, no.
- Yeah, you have a spare bag?
I'm goin' home.
I'm done. They can find some
(BLEEP) to be their chef.
- The chef?
He left? Why?
- I need--
I need to come back.
- Well, I got a chef.
- And this next charter
will be it for me?
- Yes.
- Yep.
- Mathew has not had
any complaints
about the food.
Mathew's problem
is Mathew.
I'm gonna trust you
to finish the season out.
- That means a lot.
- Okay, so, Matthew,
a lot of questions for you.
Roger B. said you mentioned
having left other jobs
in the past due to pressure.
- Yeah.
- Did those jobs
allow you to return?
- Um, no, I didn't return.
Two of them were just,
like, one-off dinner parties,
where I took on
more than I could handle
as far as menu,
and I, you know,
stressed myself out
and backed out,
and I regret it.
It was, you know,
a horrible time.
- Was there extra
pressure this time
knowing you had
the entire crew
kind of counting on you?
- Yeah, of course. Yeah.
- Yeah.
- I didn't feel good
about this situation.
- Um--
- I was having a panic attack.
- I'm wondering.
Did the rest of you
think Chef Mathew
would be coming back?
- I didn't think
I was going to.
- Lloyd thought
he was coming back.
Sandy, what did you think?
- I had no idea.
I honestly--
I was hoping he would,
but I-I didn't know.
- Sandy, how did
everybody do
pitching in
while he was gone?
- [laughing]
Amazing. David--
David, Courtney
jumped in.
I mean, honestly, it was--
I called my brother-in-law.
"How do you do oysters?"
It was like--
I didn't even ask.
They jumped in.
- There's no way
I could do that.
- Oh! Savage!
- Oh, my God.
Was he alive?
[indistinct]
- Oh, my God, they're popping
open! I'm so happy!
- Oh, the aphrodisiac.
- Looking back on it,
maybe the knee was,
like, an excuse to get--
remove myself
from that situation.
I never had cameras
in my face before.
It was all
very overwhelming.
So obviously, there wasn't
a knee problem,
because I got an MRI.
- Did you not feel like you--
you were returning to an even
more stressful situation
than you had left?
- Yeah. Yeah, I ----ed myself.
Yeah, I didn't--
It wasn't a plan, you know?
- Clearly.
- Yeah.
- Captain Sandy, Wendy R. said,
"I understand you wanting
"to give Matt another shot
after his 'knee injury,'
"but it was really hard
to watch you let him
"return to the boat
yet again
"after his drunken departure
in the middle of the night.
Why keep him..."
- That's not fair.
- "After two strikes
when there was another chef
waiting in the wings?"
-It's a big job
being a chef.
I'm not making
excuses for him,
but I had to make
a decision.
It's better to go with who
I know than who I don't know.
- And by the way,
how did Matt's food
compare to other chefs
you've worked with,
Katie and Sandy?
- He never--
no one ever complained.
- It was just consistently good.
Yeah, it was always--
the way it tasted.
It always came out hot.
There was never a complaint
about a meal being too cold,
which is probably one of
the most common complaints,
um, on a yacht or probably
any service industry.
So it really blew me away.
- Char M. wants to know
if you guys would
ever want to work with
Chef Mathew again.
She says,
"Besides believing
"he's the most important
person on the ship,
"he seemed to not be
professional
by walking off
as often--"
So everybody's
raising their hands.
Everybody would work
with him again.
Sandy is not
raising her hand.
- I like reliability
and dependability.
Matthew's a great guy,
but I just--
and after watching the show--
- She's judging me
on two days in my life.
- After watching the show,
People who poke the bear--
it's-it's a little hard.
So, um, with everything
that happened--
you know, I don't
see everything.
So when I watch the show,
I'm just--
I was actually mortified.
- Why are you judging me?
I work year round.
- Well, she's judging you
on what you said
and how you behaved.
- She's a big phony, Andy.
- That's why.
There's your answer.
- It's hard to put words
back in your mouth though, Mat.
I mean, she said
she's judging you
based on things she
saw you do and say.
- Yeah, but-- I know, but--
yeah, whatever.
- An editor can't
create those things.
Do you think they made you look
worse than you were as a chef?
- I mean, like,
I did everything I did.
I regret the bad
moments I have,
but I think
I'm-I'm a good employee,
and I think Sandy's
one of the worst captains
I've ever worked with
in my 15 years on boats.
- Okay, like, wait.
I think that's a bit--
slightly too far, Mathew.
Like, I think--
what the problem is-
- Well, that was the truth.
- No, I think the issue was,
like, obviously Captain Sandy's
now seeing everything that
happened on the nights out
and stuff, and, like,
for unreliability,
I understand from a captain's
point of it--
point of view, like,
it's hard to employee somebody
when they're, like,
unreliable and, like, they quit.
That's all-- like, that-that's
the in-in that--
in that respect, I agree.
Like, it-it-it's hard--
it must be hard
for her to think
that she would employ you again
if you're gonna quit.
- And you're not always
gonna see eye-to-eye.
- Yeah. Yeah, you're not always
- You can be
really great at your job,
but there's another side
that comes to our job,
and that's personality.
We have to be able
to defuse things
because we live
and work together,
and it's-it's not easy
all the time.
And then you add alcohol,
and people do and say things
that they don't mean
and they regret,
and, you know,
when I watched the show,
I was just like,
"Oh, my God." Like--
- Yeah, how do you
think I felt?
- You know, I think
it's hard when people--
if you do a constructive
criticism,
some people can't take that,
and you--
you just don't know
when to not talk,
and that-that's
your Achilles heel
is your own self.
- Okay.
- Up next..
r behavior
in general was quite sh--.
is your own self.
- If anything, she was
edited nicely that night.
She was much worse.
- Production actually
stepped in
- One of Lexi's
go-to insults
was to remind everyone
she had more money
in her bank account.
But during one fateful
hot tub night on deck,
her antics left
the crew's patience
totally overdrawn.
Watch.
- Why does she always
talk about money?
She's like, "You're so poor!
You're so poor!"
- I'm ----ing being
inappropriate?
But I feel as if you're
being inappropriate,
so (BLEEP) you.
- I'm not the one that was
offended like you!
- Shut up!
- Oh, you kiss ass!
- Me?
- And you're fake as (BLEEP).
You're a ----ing Bosun!
Stand the (BLEEP) down!
David, you're so whack.
- Aren't you like unemployable?
- No, I'm employable 'cause
I have more money than you.
- You're talking sh--.
- Lexi? Lexi?
- Katie, you're a Capricorn, and
you can feel what I'm feeling.
(BLEEP) her being a kiss ass!
(BLEEP) off!
- Hey!
[screaming]
- You made some really personal
inappropriate comments,
and not just to me.
You owe an apology
to Zee as well.
- Yes, I apologize,
Katie and David,
for my stuff last night.
- I feel like you guys
can figure this out.
- I'm pissed off
with you again
because it doesn't feel
like you want to be here.
It doesn't feel
like you care, really.
- No, I don't care.
I'm leaving.
- Maybe this isn't
the right environment for her.
- I'm just gonna ask you
to give her another chance.
You're a leader.
Rise. Go lead.
[nervous chuckling]
- Okay, I-I will say--
So I want to start
with you, Sandy.
I'm mean, you're-you're
watching yourself say,
"You can figure this out.
Give it another chance."
Now you're seeing the show,
and you're seeing footage
that you hadn't seen before.
What would you
have done differently,
or would you have done
anything differently?
- The reality is,
I don't see everything.
I never heard specifics,
so if someone
comes up to you and says,
"It was bad.
It was real bad."
Do you base firing someone
off of that?
I didn't see
Lexi's behavior.
So if I would have seen it,
um, I would have fired her
immediately.
- So, Zee, then what was going
through your mind
when she pushed you
in the crew mess?
- You know, I'm gonna
step in here.
Production actually
stepped in and--
- They-they did?
- Yeah, because it was
getting so out of hand.
- Yeah. They did. They did.
- They actually stepped in
and like, lost our sh--,
and was like, "This is not
what we're about,"
and if it goes any further,
I'm pretty sure
Lexi would have been
removed straight away.
Um, but I guess
she reigned it in at that point.
- If anything, she was edited
nicely that night.
- I think so, too.
- She was much worse.
- I completely understand
that grief is, like,
such a horrible thing,
and, like, you-you know,
everyone, uh, deals with it
in a different way, and I
completely understand that,
but at no point do I think that
it means that you should be,
um, that offensive
to another person
and that aggressive
to another person.
And I feel like, yeah,
that-- to-to me,
that just-- it's not--
it's not--
it's not really an excuse.
- Courtney, knowing
that your dad
is-is going through it
right now,
and that you are,
uh, with him,
could you empathize
with Lexi's state
of mind at all?
- Uh, no. I'm-- I--
My dad's now in a home.
And I-- he doesn't
remember who I am.
And I still would never
act that way
against another
person ever.
- I am really sorry to hear
about your dad, Courtney.
- We're all there for you.
You know that.
- It was hard, because I was
concerned about Lexi.
I actually pulled her aside
and spoke to her and said,
"Do you think this
is the environment
"you should be in?
Because I as your Chief Stew
"do not think you should
be here right now
"because mentally,
you're going through a lot,
"and it-- I don't know
if this is how you deal
"with grief, you know,
but I don't think
this is the best environment
for you right now."
- Wow. All right.
We gotta move on.
Chef Mat and Lexi
had their first dustup
over a dirt pile.
But as the charter season
went on,
these two Yachties
couldn't stop slinging mud
in each other's direction.
Take a look.
- Can you please not step
in that? I just swept it.
- I will sweep it up.
Just focus on putting
the lamb on the plate.
- You can't talk to me
like you're the boss.
I'm in charge of the galley,
all right? Never again.
I've never disliked someone
more in my life.
- You're a nobody.
You're a low life.
- She had bad parents.
- Your parents should have
----ing aborted you.
- Ohh.
- Yeah, and if this wasn't
on camera, I woulda
smacked your ass.
- I'm just gonna tell Sandy
it's either me or her tomorrow.
- Who started it?
- Mathew.
He says stuff
to get under my skin.
- She told me I should have been
aborted multiple times.
- If Mathew says
something to you,
your reaction, Lexi, goes
to a whole 'nother level.
- What I'm hearing
is that you are difficult
to live with.
- Well, he said last night
that he's gonna give you
an ultimatum--
either him or me.
- If you give me an ultimatum,
you can walk--
pack your ----ing sh--
and walk off the boat.
That's how a I feel.
The many
outweigh the one.
And I-I have to make
a hard decision.
I have to let you go.
Lexi crossed the line,
and if I have one person
that's disturbing
the entire crew,
I need to let go
of that person.
- You are replaceable.
There's someone sitting
in quarantine right now
to take your job.
- Lex, need a hand?
- Mat, Kelly from
North Carolina said,
"After looking back
at the season,
"did Chef Mathew realize
"he's just as much
as fault--
"at fault
as Lexi was?
"She's not perfect,
but you were clearly trying
"to get a reaction from her."
- Yeah, I mean,
there was so much--
I-I blame it on
the alcohol involved.
The tour guide was
feeding us alcohol.
It was a-- yeah.
I'm not proud
of that fight with her
and ruining everyone's
day off.
And, like, we had
a challenging relationship
on the boat
working together,
but I don't want
to say anything
about someone who's not here
to defend themselves.
- Jordy N. texted
for everybody,
"Why did most of the crew
continue to defend
"Mathew over Lexi,
especially considering
"he said some pretty terrible
things as well?"
Anyone want to take this?
- So I feel like
we were pretty stern
with both of them about
how-how the situation was,
but Mathew was
very good at his job.
He actually apologized to all
of the crew very sincerely,
whereas Lexi didn't actually
apologize to anybody sincerely.
Me and Lexi were
literally friends
at the start of the season.
Like, we were friends.
- We all got along.
Our first charter was great.
It was just the fact
that what happened
after that
was like a roller coaster
of sh--.
- I'm curious what you think.
Lexi on social media
has really been, um,
blaming a lot of people.
She's been blaming
production.
She says she's been given
a very bad edit.
She thinks she's been edited
very unfairly.
- That's pretty classic of
anyone throughout the seasons
who's come on "Below Deck"
and not liked the way that
they've behaved when drunk.
You know, it's pretty nasty
when you watch yourself back
and you see all the regrets
and mistakes you've made.
It's not the edit.
It's you.
- Lloyd, what do you think?
- We-we all gave her
a second chance.
I went in there with
a fresh, uh, face.
So did the other deck boys
when we spent that time
in the hot tub.
Um, and as far
as we were concerned,
we were gonna try and get on
with the rest of the season.
And then she-she went
off the-
off the rails again.
Uh, and-and enough
is enough.
- Zee, did she get
a bad edit?
- Um, no, honestly,
I do not believe
Lexi got an unfair edit.
Like, I know she recorded
a whole bunch of things
on Instagram
which are not fair
in terms of production
and in terms of myself.
She didn't get an unfair edit,
I don't think.
- What has she
shared about you
that-that you've
taken issue with?
- I mean, apparently, I-
apparently I want
to be white,
and that I don't-
I don't support Black people.
That's really not something
that I believe at all,
only because I advocate
for Black empowerment
and Black people
doing great things,
so just generally,
her behavior in general
was honestly quite sh--.
You don't treat
people that you care about
or you don't treat
people like that.
- Wow. Up next...
- From the get-go,
it wasn't--
It was a sh--show,
basically.
I was so ----ing over
this sh--.
Well, you've heard
of Chief Stews,
but we're now being joined
by Lady Michelle's
brief Stew, Delaney.
Hi, Delaney.
- Hey, guys.
- Uh, well, when Delaney
triggered a crew cabin swap
that was a like a bad game
of crew-sical chairs,
Katie ended her time
on board
with an abrupt
record scratch.
But did Delaney
face the music too soon?
Watch this.
- Hi! Katie.
- D-Delaney.
So I've never been
a Stewardess before.
Um, yeah.
- Management
just called.
We can not allow
cabin sharing
between a male and a female.
- Okay.
Every single crew member
is gonna have to shuffle cabins
to make this work.
- Yeah, let's do it.
I lost my cabin.
- I'm just ----ing over
thinking about this.
It's just causing
too much drama,
and I feel so sick.
- I actually got
another girl on,
because Lexi couldn't
do her ----ing job,
and now they're both doing
the same job together.
- I'm just being lazy.
- I don't want
that girl to be here.
- I know that.
I feel terrible saying this,
but I think
it would be best
if you finish
this trip
and we say goodbye.
- Do I think it's fair? No.
- Can you get Lexi's luggage?
I just let her go.
Considering Delaney
is still here,
it's an option.
She's not a Stew, but at least
you have another person.
- I'd so much rather,
like, work harder
and work longer
than have
the emotional stress
of bringing somebody new in
or bringing Delaney back.
- It's around the clock
for deck crew.
We're helping with laundry,
with service.
It's been a lot.
- Hello?
Sister Katie?
- A guest in the hot tub
needs some drinks.
- It's ----ing stupid, because,
like, a couple weeks ago,
I'm complaining about
needing more Stews,
and now I'm like,
"Hey, let's just fire two Stews
"and just keep two."
Like, what is wrong with me?
- Krista L. wants to know
your first impressions
of Delaney.
Did you think she was gonna
fit in the group, Katie?
- Um, well,
my first impression
was finding out
she wasn't a Stew,
so obviously,
from the get-go,
it wasn't-- it was just--
it was a sh--show, basically.
- Well, so talk to me about that
a little, Delaney.
- Yeah, so I was
in quarantine for deck.
Um, and then I found out
the need was for a Stew
very last minute,
so it was just as much
of a surprise to me
as it was to Katie, I feel.
- Matt, Carley E. said,
"With how many times
"you walked out and quit, Mat,
why were you so forward
"with your thoughts about
wanting Delaney off the boat?"
- I only walked out
and quit once.
The other one was the knee
injury/panic attack,
so it was only one,
but, um,
I burned my finger so bad.
I was in a lot of pain.
Martin's cabin was musty
and had no portholes.
I just wanted
my bed back, you know?
[laughter]
I wanted my bed.
- You know what though?
I actually did that.
I said, "Can I share
a cabin with him?"
Delaney was brought on
to try to help, like,
figure this situation out,
and it just ended up, like,
creating more drama
and more stress,
so in my eyes,
I was like, just can it.
Let's just, like, move on.
I was so ----ing
over this sh--
that I was dealing with
that season so--
- She's also
not a Stew.
- Do you regret
your decision, Katie?
- I don't. I do
for the rest of the crew,
and it wasn't-- like,
for deck crew, I do,
but for everything else,
I don't.
- Malia, do you wish--
given the-
the pressure it put
on your team,
do you wish that Katie could--
had kept her around?
- You know, I-I think
having Delaney there
would have been
super helpful, yes.
And Delaney was.
She was up for,
you know, helping out
wherever she could,
but I think Katie
made the decision
that she thought
was best for the team,
and I stand by that.
- I-- what I needed
at the time--
I needed a stewardess
with experience
that could be thrown
straight in the deep end.
Um, and Delaney
wasn't that.
She's not a stewardess.
She's never been
a super yacht stewardess.
So it wasn't
what I needed.
It wasn't Delaney.
It was not the right fit
for what we were after
at that time.
- Delaney, didn't you
think you would get busted?
- Um, I didn't--
I did not lie on my CV.
You guys are welcome
to call that captain
that I did work for
for months
on a small boat
in San Diego.
Like, it--
none of it's a lie.
It's just a small boat
Deck Stew position
is not a super yacht.
Frankly, I didn't really
want to be a Stew,
but I rose to the occasion,
and I, you know,
I did what
the opportunity was.
- But a Deck Stew does
Stewardess things.
I was a Deck Stew.
- Yeah, and I could
make a bed,
and I could do things.
On smaller boats,
we don't have--
- Yeah, no, I get that.
For sure.
- Like, people aren't sleeping
in cabins for day charters.
- Well, I just think, like,
think of it in Katie's position.
She sees someone that
it says "Deck Stew,"
and then we get her on,
and we're like, "Hey, you're
gonna be a Stewardess."
You know, then that
essentially is saying,
you know, you're green.
You're green in--
as a Stewardess.
So that's not
very helpful.
That means Katie's
gonna have to train her.
And we're at the point
in the season
where we don't have time
to train someone.
- Well, Delaney,
so what's next for you?
- Uh, I live
in Hawaii right now,
and I work on
a day charter boat,
and, um,
it's a lot of fun.
- Sounds like everything
worked out
just peachy for you.
Okay, well, I'm about to say
goodbye to Delaney
and also Lloyd.
It sounds like you're
about to lose service
on your ship,
so I want to say goodbye
to you, uh,
before you get
cut off.
Is there any-anything
you want to say
before we say
goodbye to you, Lloyd?
- Um, I just want to say
it's so good to be back with
the-the crew again.
Uh, I mean,
we all keep in touch.
Uh, it's nice to have you
all in one place
rather than speaking
individually on the phone.
[audio breaking up]
- Aw, we're
- Love you, Lloyd.
- Love you, Lloyd!
- We'll do another
group chat soon, Lloyd.
- Bye, Lloyd.
- Hearts and lungs.
- See you later,
and thank you, Delaney.
- See you later.
- It was very nice to meet
all you guys,
and I wish you guys the best
in your careers and yachting,
and hopefully see you
around sometime.
- All right.
- You, too.
- Thank you, Delaney.
Thank you.
- Thanks, Delaney.
- You, too, Delaney.
- Courtney's
pouring her wine.
- They call her
Coco Loco.
- We'll be back.
Coming up...
- She should have told me.
- Did you realize
you were losing
Captain Sandy's trust?
- In seasons past,
Captain Sandy and Malia
never struggled
with keeping
their professional
relationship afloat.
But this season,
trust issues between the two
caused their partnership
to rapidly take on water.
Watch.
- I just asked Dave,
but that's looking
like he didn't.
- I'm not stupid.
She's covering.
But in no way does
Malia get to dictate
what is told to me,
and what isn't told to me.
I need the trust.
- They weren't tight.
- No.
- Is there a plastic bag?
- That's planting a little
seed of doubt in my mind.
[yelling]
[gasping]
- Dave!
Are you okay?
- No.
I'll do the forward ones.
- Can you?
- Yeah.
- I don't know that
I can put you over,
knowing that you're injured.
- Tell me why
you're limping.
- I fell.
- Why wasn't it
reported to me?
You, I'm really
disappointed in.
It's a ----ing incident.
The fact that Malia
knew about his injury
is not okay with me.
She broke my trust.
No.
- I'm not a chief officer.
- I don't give a (BLEEP)!
You should have come to me
that he was hurt!
- I didn't know it was that--
- Stop making excuses!
I don't trust you!
I can't trust you.
- Okay, okay.
- Okay, uh.
Sandy, Stacey K.
wants to know
why you got so frustrated
when Malia didn't immediately
throw her crew under
the bus about the jetski.
- Because--
- Um, Stacey K. thinks
that makes her
a good manager
to wait and see,
and she thought
that was out of
character for you.
- Malia-- my expectation
for Malia is really high.
I don't have that expectation
for the deckhands
like I do for Malia.
Um...
she should
have told me.
- Did you realize you were
losing Captain Sandy's trust?
- Well, I just wanna
get one thing straight.
I actually wasn't
covering for David.
I hadn't spoken
to him yet.
So I'm not about
to tell the Captain
that David left
the plugs out
if I don't know.
Like, if I--
and to be-- you know,
Captain Sandy was only
working with the information
that she had, and I was only
working with
the information that I had,
and a few minutes later,
it all got resolved,
so I wasn't about to
throw him under the bus.
- Did you realize
at that moment
by not saying something,
you were leading her to believe
you were covering
for someone,
and thereby causing
a trust issue between
the two of you?
- No, I didn't.
And had I realized that,
it would, you know,
come off as me being
untrusting, or, like,
trying to lie or cover.
I would have just said
"I don't know yet."
Like, "I don't know."
- Sometimes when you get that
little mustard seed of doubt,
you go, "Wow,
I never wanna doubt
"that she will never
tell me the truth."
And that happened
in that split second,
but, you know, it's--
it was the end
of the charter season,
we're all exhausted,
um, and...
you're an excellent
bosun, period.
- Thank you.
- Tanya V. said,
"Malia, what did you think
"when Captain Sandy
asked to see David's injury?
"And do you
have any regrets
"about how you initially
handled the situation?"
- I think Captain Sandy
has every right to ask
about David's injury.
She's the Captain,
and she should have
been informed.
I regret that we didn't
think of-- to go to her sooner.
You know, again, this was
just a miscommunication.
Like, it happened on
a drunken night off,
and by the time we saw
Captain Sandy again,
it was two days later,
and just an
unfortunate situation.
- David, did you ever get
checked for a concussion
or anything?
That fall was...
wild!
[chuckling]
- The-the impact
of the fall was--
it was literally centered
to that point in my leg.
[clearing throat]
Like, I know when
you see the footage,
it's a little bit--
you know,
even from both angles,
it look like I've gone
[indistinct].
Like I said, I was hittin'
my head three times a day
[indistinct].
Let alone everywhere else.
- Hey, that fall was
----ing bad, mate.
- Yeah, you're--
holy god, it looked--
- Oh, it was painful to watch.
- Yeah, it was so-- yeah.
- I just wanna
speak to that,
because in the very
beginning of the season,
I said if anyone gets injured,
it comes straight to the bridge.
You know, yes,
I came down hard on Malia
because I, again,
have this expectation.
But the reality is,
is David should re--
you know, reported his injury,
because here's why.
I can't take people
to sea if they're injured.
And I should have had him
medically looked after,
and then have a--
a medical release on him,
because the reality is,
we go to sea, what if he--
did have a concussion,
or something like that?
So in the future,
if you get hurt onboard,
just really
report that,
because we don't want
anyone to go to sea and--
and then have more issues,
where we can't get
them medical help.
- Malia, were you
caught off guard
by how pissed-off
Sandy got about this?
- Yeah, I was.
I mean, obviously,
I admire Captain Sandy
a lot, so to have her say
that she doesn't trust me
was really hard.
Um, but you know I also
think that when people
see Captain Sandy and I
get in a disagreement,
they think it's like,
the end of the world,
but it's not.
These things happen,
and we work through them,
where, you know,
I'm training to
be an officer,
and she's teaching me
how to be a better one, so...
- Up next...
You saw everyone naked?
- Yeah.
- We always see
everyone naked.
- It was a big-- yeah,
a big cuddle puddle.
- I saw Malia naked,
I saw Katie naked,
I saw Matthew naked,
David naked.
- We are back, and I have
a few more questions before
we officially bring this
charter season to a close.
So Sara from Philly said,
"Katie, I know you said
"what happens in Split
stays in Split,
"but come on,
give us some details
"on what happened
during that trip
"after the--"
[laughing]
"after--" this was after
everything ended, right?
- We had, honestly,
a good time.
We partied a lot,
um, and we just enjoyed
each other's
company again.
- Mzi and Courtney,
Danielle from Pittsburgh said,
"Mzi was hesitant when asked
about his relationship
"with Courtney after
the trip to Split.
"So 'fess up, did they--
did you guys hook up in Split?"
[chuckling]
- No.
- Um, no.
Didn't hook up in Split.
- Aww.
I was kinda hoping...
it all--
- I know.
We're still just good friends.
- By the way, Courtney,
where are you?
- I'm in Europe.
[laughing]
- You're in Europe?
I'm watching you
slugging down the wine
and I'm just worried
there's gonna be a shortage.
- Dirty water.
- Uh, I-I--
[laughing]
I want there to--
I want you to leave
some booze for
the other people in Europe.
- Honey, it's water.
- It--
- Don't you worry, my friend.
[laughing]
- What were you drinking before
that got you in this state?
- Before.
- Oh-okay.
- Before I was--
- Rose!
- I was drinking Rose.
- Okay.
- Yeah, we all know how Rose
plays out with this group.
- Oh boy.
- Yo, swag nasty style.
- Rose all day.
- Honey, yeah. I'm fine.
- Oswald, Oswald.
- I'm literally just--
- Courtney and Mzi
have left the group chat.
- I'm just listening.
[laughing]
I am literally just
listening here, like--
so intrigued about
what everyone has to say.
[laughing]
- Literally.
- Mat, you've never
filtered yourself before.
Why start now? Who--
who hooked up in Split?
- Oh, I don't even remember.
But it was a good time.
Malia took us to
the best bracelet shop.
- You said it was
like a sex party,
and now you're telling me
about a bracelet shop?
You went--
- See, this is what I'm saying!
[laughing]
[overlapping chatter]
- I saw everyone naked.
I'm just saying that.
- Yeah, we-- we all
hooked up in Split.
- I didn't get laid.
- You saw everyone naked?
- Yeah.
- We all--
we always see
everyone naked in--
[chuckling]
- You always see everyone naked?
- Yeah.
- It was a big-- yeah.
A big cuddle puddle.
- I saw Malia naked,
I saw Katie naked,
I saw Mathew naked,
David naked--
- You saw me naked on the boat.
Literally all the time.
[laughing]
- Courtney, I want whatever
you're having right now.
- I think I missed that night.
- Andy, I'm [slurring]
water, I'm good.
- Uh...
- All I'm saying is that,
you know, what happens
in Split stays in Split.
[laughing]
- Okay.
Um, by the way,
who else was in the house
besides the on-camera crew?
- [indistinct] was there.
- Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, Malia, who else
was in the house?
[indistinct]?
- Well, I mean, obviously
we needed an engineer there.
- Ah, very good.
- Obviously.
- Very good.
So Malia, was that
when your relationship
with the engineer
really took off?
- Uh, yeah.
- Very good.
So are you all still
in touch,
and, uh, and-and chatting?
I mean, it seems like
a pretty harmonious group--
- Everyday.
- --With the exception of-of--
- [indistinct] isn't here.
Every-every day.
- Everyday.
- Pretty much.
- Yeah, we do still
chat everyday.
Our group chat.
- Our group chat is called
"Let's Get Back and Split It".
[laughter]
- (BLEEP).
- Split It.
- Sandy, what are
your final thoughts
about the season?
- I'm really proud
of the crew
that they stayed
within the quarantine,
no one got sick,
we made it through
the season,
and for me,
that was a success,
to be able to film
the show.
- Well, I wanna thank
you all for being here,
and I also wanna
point out
that Malia did
this entire interview
from the bathroom of
the boat that she is on.
- On charter!
- On charter.
- Yeah, I gotta go.
We've anchored.
- And you have to go
drop anchor right now.
Okay, well, that's
a perfect way to end this.
I wanna thank the crew
of Lady Michelle
for an epic season.
I'm Andy Cohen,
good night, everybody.
Thank you all so much.
- Thank you.
- Bye, Andy.
- Bye.
- Go drop anchor, Malia.
- We love you.